- [Instructor] There are certain skills and knowledge
you will need to have in order to be
successful in this course.
You will need to have at least
an intermediate understanding of Java development,
a basic understanding of Spring and Spring Boot.
You should also be familiar with certain
design patterns and concepts such as
Model View Controller, Inversion of control,
and Service oriented architectures.
If you are not familiar with these subjects
you can learn more about them
from other courses in the library.
There are also some tools that you'll need to have
and be able to use.
The Spring Tool Suite IDE,
the MySQL Community Edition Database Server,
and the MySQL Workbench, which is a graphical utility
for working with the MySQL Database.
These tools are all available online for free.